Lisa Meitner ko
Otto Hahn Nazi Germany se thoda maths bheja
Ki this is what im trying
And Otto was like ek problem hai
Isme energy bohot bhaari nikaal raha hai ki shit is melting
And there is a mass energy discrepancy I cant fix
She started doing math and pondering
And us time lectures jaana common tha
So she went to a lecture by Einstein
And learned E = mc²
To usko strike kiya ki kya hua hai
Mass had converted to energy and fission had occurred
Otto Hahn was the first person ever to SPLIT to uranium atom
And he was
From Nazi Germany


She wrote a letter to Leo Szilard (the guy who came up with the concept of chain reaction)
Ki bro kuch kar
Leo took a ship to america
And said I will write to prez
But who am I
so he went to his friend
Albert Einstein
Who wrote to FDR
And therefore the Manhattan Project was born
A few days later
Germany surrenders
And america discovers ki Germany aaas paas bhi nahi tha
So he writes a letter to FDR saying stop making bomb
Because his friend write a book on what can happen as its dangers
A world Set freee - HG Wells
And so
So Leo Szilard the one who discovered chain reaction
Is also
The worlds first Anti Nuclear Activist
But his letters were lost in bureaucracy
And people suggested that Robbert Oppenheimer should get a nobel prize
for peace
as a detterant
For the first bomb at least
The second one was a human rights disaster

Japan was fighting the 2nd world war with impossible sceanarios, like they would die but not get captured and they will fight till death. And not just army, even citizens. They were brutal, like if you're in a cave then they wont come out of the cave come what may, you have to burn them down with flamethrowers. And they are remorseless, wo sticks and stones se torture karte the no advanced interrogation, wo random shit pe bomb gira dete the like Pearl Harbour etc
So how do you fight such an enemy
The United States had a military commander the Hansel who said ki we will do upar bohot upar se bomb and escape. Par Japan ke upar jetstreams the so planes ki lag jaati thi, then also heavily clouded so visibility 0. But. Japan ke houses were all paper and wood, so all you had to do was start a fire. Because unlike the west houses which were brick and mortar. These were closed packed an ultra flammable
So what happened was after the unsuccessful of Hansel. US had a small group called NDRC whose job was basically to solve complicated projects and fast. So they sent a new army general and started 2 projects. One project was a bomb in which tied up with the paint company Dupont and tried to create a flammable gel which they succeeded in and would keep burning for 2 times as long as traditional gasoline without a phase change. So it was in viscous gel state and would stay so, unlike fuel with vaporises
The second project was a bomb in which they used a very small amount of concentric spheres to create shockwaves which would eventually trigger the explosive and release an astronomical blast
The new General was General Curtis LeMay
He said we will fly under jet stream. AND UNDER CLOUDS. And to avoid being seen we will do it at night

And at night they started dropping the first of these projects the Gel Bomb


Napalm
Japan still did not surrender and madarchod log were also difficult to deal with since wo sab se bohot door tha. So United States mounted an attack to the island of Iwo Jima and took over the whole area and the Titian island. But they needed big planes because Japan was hella far.
So they created the B-29 super fortress which eventually dropped the 2nd NDRC project on japan


The Uranium and Plutonium Atomic Bomb



[4:50 pm, 10/10/2021] Plutoniumm: Last the Japanese tried it
[4:50 pm, 10/10/2021] Plutoniumm: And they been drawing Hello Kitty and shit since

We finally end up not in Nuremberg but in Tokyo.